# Mini project #4

Hi!

We've already reviewd the repo together. So you should be familiar with the code structure.
Please, perform the following tasks (ideally, each person does 1 task):

First, someone should _fork_ the repo and make a branch called `Q4-dev`. Add all the team members to your forked repo as collaborators. Everyone clone the forked repo, checkout to `Q4-dev` and perform one of the following tasks:

1. Review the the code in [`figS1-monkey-behavior.ipynb`](/paper/figS1-monkey-behavior.ipynb) and ensure it is compliant to PEP8 guidelines. Note that it follows a different structure compared to [`fig2.ipynb`](/paper/fig2.ipynb).
1. In [`defs.py`](/monkey/defs.py), certain variables and functions are defined that will be used across the project to ensure processing parameters are identical throughout. Refactor the code and ensure compliance to PEP8. In particular, [`prep_general(df)`](/monkey/defs.py#L36) pre-processes every data file and is critical. Add sufficient comments, docstring, type annotations, etc to ensure it remains easy to maintain.
1. Data files are loaded using the [`load_pyal_data()`](/tools/dataTools.py#L41) function. This function load data files of the `*.p` or `*.mat` format and returns a `pd.DataFrame`. It also converts `*.mat` files to `*p` files for faster operations in the future.  
Move this function to the [`params.py`](/params.py) file. Ensure every reference to this function throughout the repo remains functional, by changing how it is imported in various files.
1. Add another panel in the figure generated in `figS1-monkey-behavior.ipynb`, the average trajectory to each target is plotted. Overlay the 2 animals such taht their trajectories could be qualitatively compared. Add your code while maintaining the structure of the notebook and the repo. For intance, the processing and plotting code should be a function separated from the code at the bottom of the notebook where different panels are being arranged next to each other.
1. In `figS1-monkey-behavior.ipynb`, the `plot_vaf()` function applies PCA to a single dataset and plots the Variance Explained For (VAF) for each PC. Refactor this function such that, similar to other functions of this type in the repo, it accepts a list of dataframes and axes objects, and plots VAF for each of them. Ensure compliance with PEP8 in the new function.

In the end, everyone should commit their development to the `Q4-dev` branch, ensuring their work can be merged. Then, submit a Pull Request (PR) to merge your changes to the `main` branch of the original repo ([https://github.com/AtMostafa/good-coding-practices/](https://github.com/AtMostafa/good-coding-practices/)). We might review your PR together in the wokshop.

Best of luck and don't hesitate to ask if you have any questions.
